Hi, my name is Bryan Caffo and welcome
to the Developing Data Products course.
This course is about building tools for
improving the data analysis process,
making data driven decisions, or
for other infrastructure that
supports other data products.
This is the second version of the class,
and
it's been co-developed by Shaun Cross
who's also in the Department of
Biostatistics at the Johns Hopkins
Bloomberg School of Public Health.
We've updated much of the old content and
we're including lots of new techniques for
building in-demand data tools in R.
So just to preview some of
the topics we'll be covering.
With the R Markdown package you can
create websites, PDFs, presentations, and
even e-books from a single file in R in
a way that you're very comfortable and
familiar with.
We'll teach the latest
features of the Shiny package
which you can use to create
interactive web applications in R.
We'll talk about interactive
graphics using Plotly and
Leaflet which allows you to create
beautiful maps that you can share online.
We'll do similar things with the package
GoogleViz which allows you to create maps
and interactive graphics and tables.
We've also added how to use swirl and
swirlify to design courses in R so
that you can share your knowledge.
So thanks for joining and we look
forward to seeing you in the class.